You are questioning me
Boy, how can you speak?
Delay Boss Zhou's treatment
Can you afford this responsibility?
Go away, yeah, Ye Xian, you're not a doctor
I know this old Guo
Is a famous doctor in the county seat
Boss Zhou will be fine with him
I said if this needle goes down
Boss Zhou will not live for more than a minute
It's viral heart disease.
If you use acupuncture to activate blood vessels
The virus will spread from the heart to the whole body
At that time, the gods will be beyond rescue
What you said is hype
Come if you have the ability.
Are you treating Boss Zhou?
Sorry for the safety of my adults
Only a regular doctor can treat you
Listen, listen to you
Don't deserve to get out
OK, then you go down today
It's impossible to save the gods
Nonsense
When the old man practices medicine
You don't know where to eat shit
He actually came to teach the old man how to do things
Look at how the old man does it, really
Did you see it?
Boss Zhou wakes up
Didn't you just say that you can't see death with one needle?
Give me another hard word and let me see